Average Sales.Total earnings of the user that the program sums
together, providing the gross amount of the user’s Average Sales
per Day within a month. The user will be able to identify which
days of the month wherein their business’ sales are flourishing
and where they may need improvements.

Business Sales. The system will collect all the user’s earnings
that come from their business operations, primarily their daily
Sales. The system will calculate these daily Sales along with
the user’s Total Expenses to provide the user with their
business’ Total Monthly Sales, Monthly Net Income, and Average
Sales per Day of the month. These features reflect the user’s
financial business state each month of the year and can be used
for monthly/annual business management.

Expense Monitor.The system collects all the user’s Total Monthly
Expenses, providing the gross amount that the user can monitor
and compare with other months’ Total Expenses. This feature will
help the user keep their monthly expenses in line with their
monthly/annual business budget.

Net Income.The system displays the Net Income that reflects the
user’s total earnings after the program has deducted the user’s
Total Monthly Expenses from their Total Monthly Sales. Providing
the user a proper look at their business’ total monthly revenue.

Quarterly Trend Analysis.The system utilizes the Quarterly Trend
Analysis tool to provide the user with a year-over-year
comparison of their business’ sales performance. The system will
display the user’s current Annual Sales from a particular month
(e.g., January Sales 2020) and compare them with previous Annual
Sales from that same month (e.g., January Sales 2021). This
feature provides the user with information on their business’
annual sales performance for better decision-making business
actions in the future.

Standard Deviation.This feature in the system will calculate the
user’s daily Sales, estimating how much they’ve earned within a
month from their business’ product/service/property price.

Total Expenses. All expenses that the user has spent from their
business’ daily Sales within a month. This provides the system a
basis to calculate the user’s Monthly Net Income by subtracting
their Total Expenses from their daily Sales. This feature will
also benefit the user to keep track of how much they’re spending
on their business operation on a monthly basis.

Total Sales.The system will sum up all the user’s input Daily
Business Sales from every business day operation into Total
Monthly Sales. This provides the user with information about
their business’ seasonality, identifying what months their
business performance peaks the most and what months their
business struggles.

Monitor. In the context of business sales and expenses,
monitoring refers to the systematic tracking and analysis of
sales and expense data over time. It involves closely observing
and recording relevant financial information to gain insights
into the financial performance of the business.
